More detail not only on common approaches, but also recent attempts from the
literature at solving the problem (your references are lacking in that
respect). Ideally you should compare your approach with those recent
attempts using a common benchmark.
other methods: I don't see how the listed methods address the goal you
outlined in the previous section. They each seem to address a slightly
different issue.

----------------

- The introduction needs to formulate the problem more clearly in English first (leave the
mathematical formulation for a later section), 

      > Added a paragraph at the end of the introduction to summarize the problem in English

- algorithm details: the values C and P_s seem arbitrary ("magic
numbers"). Later on (in 2.5) you show how they are derived, so then
abstain from providing a magic number here. equation (13) is what
matters; substituting values for in the equation serves just as a
(valuable) example.

      > Fixed! Added explanation and moved values to after that
      

- 2.5 derivation. You show different values for k_floor, but be clear
for each line what the new value for C is, and why. (the paragraph that
follows those lines explains it, but still every line needs to be clear)

      > Fixed! Added explanation for each line and moved the final value to the end of the section

Formalization: 
- Tell us immediately what the X(i) sets are
supposed to represent in the context of your problem (I imagine a set of
tests?); is the sequencing referring to the iterations? What is the
overall set to which individual tests belong? Why are we drawing a fixed
size test set for each iteration? 
- Is the probability p of being an "extreme outlier" (this needs to be defined) the same for every set
(seems to be, since it is not indexed by anything), and if so, why? F is
defined, but f is not. 
- What does a "failing set" mean? Does it mean that one test or more in the set has failed? Event E is defined as a set
(because of the use of curly braces), but I don't think that's what was
intended. In your goal formulation, don't put "S" inside vertical bars,
which denote cardinality (size of the set). 
- formalization doesn't seem to capture potential time-consumption tradeoffs mentioned
in the intro. Unless your goal is not to find the subset of set of
tests, but rather to stop the test-set generation sequence as soon as
possible...

      > Refined the formalization to be more clear and related all parts to the problem context